Tomorrow Qiangsheng Group holds a conference
Time is running out
They could act at any time
I'm going to deploy
Awe and so forth.
Awe cannot act rashly
Otherwise, startle the snake
We must find out their true meaning
To go deep into it
uproot
No trouble
Are you going to go in by yourself?
It's too dangerous. You could die anytime
Of course not myself
My identity is begging you
Besides, I have no relationship with Mr. Ji
How could they possibly hand over their core secrets to me?
So, what do you do?
With my old one, of course.
Are you crazy?
They're a bunch of people who eat people and don't spit out bones
It's too dangerous to go like this
If I could use my flesh and blood
For decades of peace in southern provinces and even China
Fear the madman
You are crazy
Let me accompany you to go undercover, think carefully
Why don't you dare?
You are not afraid of what I dare not do
boss
Qiangsheng Group for children
For China
It's done
son
Mom, why don't you sleep so late?
Mom, in my heart?
Jump hard
I feel something is going to happen
You've only been back for a few days and you're leaving again?
Mom, this time my son is going on a long trip
I want to do my best to contribute to the people who pass by
My son is afraid that he will not be able to fulfill his filial piety to you in the future.
I'll kowtow to you first.
Get up! Get up!
This is our ancestral nurse jade pendant
Mom brought it for you
You will come back safely
Don't worry, mom.
Take care son
You must come back.
Mom is waiting for you